README.rst, before:

Welcome to the Clarion Metro Form Project!
==============================================

.. Note:: More than just a wizard now this project will probably be renamed to "Clarion Modern UI" or similar eventually.

About
-----

The project includes a set of classes and image resources that can be dropped onto a normal Clarion window which instantly transform it into a Modern UI style!

References
----------

Inspiration comes directly from the `Silverlight Metro Style Wizard <https://github.com/stevenh77/MetroWizard>`_ project by `Steven Hollidge <http://stevenhollidge.com/>`_. I have not yet implemented the alternative style shown in the screenshot on the `GitHub Page <https://github.com/stevenh77/MetroWizard>`_ but that will be a nice alternative if I get a chance to add it one day!

Other Links
-----------

* `Class Documentation! <http://fushnisoft.github.com/ClarionMetroWizard>`_
* `Source Code on GitHub <https://github.com/fushnisoft/ClarionMetroWizard>`_
* `Blog post on ClarionEdge <http://www.clarionedge.com/clarion/examples/clarion-metro-wizard.html>`_

Screenshots
-----------

Design time...

.. image:: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image72.png
    :width: 797 px
    :height: 595 px
    :scale: 40 %
    :target: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image72.png

Run time!

.. image:: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image74.png
    :width: 797 px
    :height: 595 px
    :scale: 40 %
    :target: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image74.png

Commit message:

note about Clarion version required.

README.rst, after:

Welcome to the Clarion Metro Form Project!
==============================================

.. Note:: More than just a wizard now this project will probably be renamed to "Clarion Modern UI" or similar eventually.

.. Note:: The APP file included was created with Clarion8. 

About
-----

The project includes a set of classes and image resources that can be dropped onto a normal Clarion window which instantly transform it into a Modern UI style!

References
----------

Inspiration comes directly from the `Silverlight Metro Style Wizard <https://github.com/stevenh77/MetroWizard>`_ project by `Steven Hollidge <http://stevenhollidge.com/>`_. I have not yet implemented the alternative style shown in the screenshot on the `GitHub Page <https://github.com/stevenh77/MetroWizard>`_ but that will be a nice alternative if I get a chance to add it one day!

Other Links
-----------

* `Class Documentation! <http://fushnisoft.github.com/ClarionMetroWizard>`_
* `Source Code on GitHub <https://github.com/fushnisoft/ClarionMetroWizard>`_
* `Blog post on ClarionEdge <http://www.clarionedge.com/clarion/examples/clarion-metro-wizard.html>`_

Screenshots
-----------

Design time...

.. image:: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image72.png
    :width: 797 px
    :height: 595 px
    :scale: 40 %
    :target: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image72.png

Run time!

.. image:: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image74.png
    :width: 797 px
    :height: 595 px
    :scale: 40 %
    :target: http://www.clarionedge.com/wp-content/uploads/image74.png
